Docs: Add auto layout indicator information (#130809)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/_index.md

- **Row height**: Choose from **Standard**, **Short**, **Tall**, and **Custom**, for which you can enter the row height in pixels.
- **Fill screen**: Toggle the switch on to have the panel fill the entire height of the screen. If the panel is in a row, the **Fill screen** toggle for the row must also be enabled (refer to [grouping configuration options](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/visualizations/dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/dashboard-groupings/#grouping-configuration-options).

If you try to resize a panel in auto grid layout, a dialog box opens with the following options:

- **Edit auto layout**: Adjust the layout configuration.

> - **Switch to custom**: Resize and position panels manually.

Reviewer: That's the label as well: <img width="293" height="72" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8ea7aa47-b0d7-4eb2-b6ee-d742be0d9cb0" />

> - **Switch to custom**: Resize and position panels manually.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Switch to custom layout**: Resize and position panels manually.
```

> To quickly see which layout type is active, hover your cursor over the row or tab you're working in to display a layout type indicator.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're working in a tab, the layout type indicator is automatically displayed. To see which layout type is active for a row, hover your cursor over that row to display the indicator.
```

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/dashboards/screenshot-auto-layout-indicators-v13.2.png" max-width="750px" alt="Dashboard showing auto layout indicators" >}}

> For repeated panels, this interaction is available on the editable panel for the repeated group.

Reviewer: (this is consistent with resizing behaviour of repeat panels in custom layout)

> For repeated panels, this interaction is available on the editable panel for the repeated group.

Author: ```suggestion
For repeated panels, this interaction is available on the last panel in the group.
```
